Fix missing context && Add doc context lookup && Mention alternative syntax (#5)
LinkedSoftwareDependencies/Documentation-Components.js: docs/getting_started/basics/contexts.md

> # Context lookup

Reviewer: New files also have to be listed here: https://github.com/LinkedSoftwareDependencies/Documentation-Components.js/blob/master/mkdocs.yml#L5

> As can be found in other sections, the configuration needs contexts to work. _Context_ itself is a concept in JSON-LD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As can be seen in other sections, configuration files usually use one or more contexts (`@context`_. [_Context_](https://www.w3.org/TR/json-ld11/#the-context) itself is a concept in JSON-LD.
```

> Despite that contexts are URLs, components.js does not always perform HTTP requests to fetch them, for several concerns. Instead, components.js will first attempt to perform _local context lookup_, and will fall back to retrieve the context from the URL if local context lookup fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Despite that contexts refer to remote files via URLs, Components.js does not always perform HTTP requests to fetch them, for performance reasons. Instead, Components.js will first attempt to perform _local context lookup_, and will fall back to retrieve the context from the URL if local context lookup fails.
```

> For local context lookup, components.js will check inside all modules under `node_modules` directory to see if they contain the relevant context file; it will also try to find the context file from the _current_ module/project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For local context lookup, Components.js will check inside all modules under the `node_modules/` directory to see if they contain the relevant context file; it will also try to find the context file from the _current_ module/project.
```

> Thanks to local context lookup, you do not need to publish your module to use components.js. It also makes the context lookup faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to local context lookup, you do not need to publish your module to use Components.js. It also makes the context lookup faster.
```
